[Maps] Onboarding `@azure-rest/maps-render` (#23831)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/maps/maps-render-rest/README.md

Key links:

- [Source code][source_code]
- [Package (NPM)][npm_package]
- [API reference documentation][api_ref]
- [Product Information][product_info]

## Getting started

### Currently supported environments

- [LTS versions of Node.js][nodejs_release]
- Latest versions of Safari, Chrome, Edge and Firefox.

### Prerequisites

- You must have an [Azure subscription][az_subscription] to use this package.
- An [Azure Maps account][az_maps_account_management]. You can create the resource via the [Azure Portal][azure_portal], the [Azure PowerShell][azure_powershell], or the [Azure CLI][azure_cli].

If you use Azure CLI, replace `<resource-group-name>` and `<map-account-name>` of your choice, and select a proper [pricing tier][az_map_pricing] based on your needs via the `<sku-name>` parameter. Please refer to [Azure Maps Reference for Azure CLI][az_map_az_cli] for more details.

```bash
az maps account create --resource-group <resource-group-name> --name <map-account-name> --sku <sku-name>
```

### Install the `@azure-rest/maps-render` package

> Install the Azure MapsRender REST client REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Azure Maps Render REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:
```
